# Introduction
MyCrypto is a crypto trading simulation app. The app allows users to simulate trading in the crypto market using real daily prices pulled from third-party API's. Users can access the daily prices of many major crypto currencies as well as the latest news regarding the chosen crypto that they are interested in. The app includes a crypto wallet for users to add or withdraw fake money for their trading, allowing them to test their crypto trading strategies before entering the real market. The app also includes a portfolio feature that shows users how much returns they have gained or how much loss they have sustained. This app is a great tool for those looking to gain experience and knowledge in the crypto market without the risk of losing real money.

# App demo on Youtube
The functionalities of the app are better explained in a video. Please watch the demo at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDEEV6htlqk

# Important note about third party API
Please note that as this is a third party API, I cannot guarantee that the API server is always up and running. In the unlikely event that the API server is down, please wait for a few hours or come back the following day and try the app again. In any case, I have already recorded a video, which has been uploaded onto Youtube, demonstrating how the app is used. In that video, it is shown how the API data is fetched successfully when the server is up and running. To test whether the API server is down, just visit www.alphavantage.co and it should be up and running if the server is operational.

Another important point is that a free API key is used in this app. The free version only allows up to 5 API requests per minute and 500 API requests per day to be made. Certainly, if this app is made available on the app store, it is essential to subscribe to a premium API Key, which allows for many more API requests per minute and day. However, for the sake of this project, I feel the free version is sufficient. Therefore, please use the API sparingly and try not to exceed the limit. 

REMINDER: Every item that you add to the list equates to one API request. And everytime you go to the General News Screen or the Crypto-Specific News Screen, it equates to one API request. Therefore, it is very easy to exceed 5 API requests PER MINUTE. Please becareful about this. If this app is to be made available to the app store, the free version of the API service certainly wouldn't do. Instead, a premium version of the API service is needed, which requires payment.

# Further development
The app's core functionalities are now fully operational. However, I am always looking to improve and enhance the user experience. In the future, I plan to add a confirmation pop-up feature, which will prompt the user to confirm their buy or sell actions, ensuring that their trades are executed correctly. Additionally, I am eager to implement a game-like feature that will allow users to set a financial goal for their simulated trades. For example, users will be able to set a goal of earning $100,000 with an initial funds of $300,000 within a specified time period. This feature will not only make the app more interactive and fun, but also serve as an effective tool for practicing and honing one's crypto trading strategies. Additionally, I would like to improve the color scheme and visual design of some of the layout. And also mentioned in the video is that I would like to separate the price history section to a new page so improve user experience.
